>> Scott: Welcome back.
I hope everyone was able to deploy
their lambda functions to AWS,
and got to follow this in traps,
and then dig their way out of it,
and maybe have some pretty
interesting questions to ask.
So there really isn't a solution there,
cuz I already showed you how
to deploy before I left.
So I would leave this open to
now that you have deployed, and
you looked at some of the resources,
and you ran into some troubles,
what are some questions you might
have around that deployment, and
some of the issues that you ran into
that I could probably alleviate?
>> Scott: I know we had one about DPC, so
I'm gonna take a quick dive into that
without giving to so much Amazon.
But basically,
there is a service called VPC,
which somebody should make
a startup around this one.
Which is basically
a virtual private Cloud.
So whenever you make an AWS account, you
automatically get one VPC automatically.
You get this nice Internet
gateway automatically.
You get a few subnets.
So you pretty much already have
all the resources you need
to connect your lambda to the Internet.
Cuz all you really need is a VPC,
some subnets,
which are like different nets across
regions that you can use for.
And then, the Internet gateway to
expose yourself to the Internet.
So if you wanted to see what was in a VPC,
you could just click on it.
And let's see, does it show you in here?
Actually, I don't now if
it's gonna show you in here.
>> Scott: I don't think there is one
place where you can go look to see, wait,
VPC connections.
Here we go.
Yeah, so if I had it,
something connected to, this is a VPN.
Nevermind.
Yeah, I don't know if there is one place
you can see everything connected to a VPC.
I think you have to individually
go to the resource itself and
see if it's connected to that VPC.
And again, that's just Amazon and
their GUI.
But yeah, if you wanted to
connect your lambda, then yeah,
you would
>> Scott: I don't want to get into,
there's a lot of stuff you would have to
do to connect all this stuff together.
But yes, you would have to
connect the lambda to the VPC.
Few subnets in some regions,
and then Internet gateway.
I can link everyone to a medium
post that explains it beautifully
if you want to check that out.
It's actually in the service docs.
if you go to the service docs,
they have it in there.
>> Scott: Where am I at?
>> Scott: There we go, okay.
Any other questions on deployment?
Anybody have any troubles?
Any specific things came up?
>> Scott: So everybody deployed easily?
>> Scott: No friction?
>> Speaker 2: There are some friction.
>> Scott: What'd you have friction with?
>> Speaker 2: Initially, it was trying
to figure out how to switch regions.
Because it was overriding
the region that I was in.
And then also, just kind of getting
that credentials file set up properly.
But once you just kind of
like cat it out or open it up
in your editor, it actually becomes pretty
clear to get those credentials in there.
>> Scott: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And
that was super helpful in making it,
so you don't have to just export.
Cuz the other thing I was wondering is
that if you export an environment variable
in your terminal, that's gonna
disappear when you close it, right?
>> Scott: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: So you would have to do that
every time, or import it [CROSSTALK]
>> Scott: Import it in your bash, yeah.
>> Scott: Yeah, those can be a nuance,
those things like that.
And then sometimes, if you have multiple
AWS accounts, you forget what's going on.
And, yeah, it's really bad.
So that's why I got that little tool
that I had, this profile manager,
that kinda helps with some of that.